Remove remnants of old provider's structure (#46829)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/11_provider_packages.rst

backward compatible with future versions of Airflow, so you can upgrade Airflow and keep the providers
at the same version.

When you introduce a breaking change in the provider, you have to make sure that you communicate it
properly. You have to update ``changelog.rst`` file in the ``docs`` folder of the provider package.

> Ideally you should providea migration path for the users to follow in the``changelog.rst``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally you should provide a migration path for the users to follow in the``changelog.rst``.
```
